README.md, before:

# go-minercraft
> Interact with Bitcoin Miner APIs (unofficial Go version of [Minercraft](https://github.com/interplanaria/minercraft))

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release-pre/tonicpow/go-minercraft.svg?logo=github&style=flat&v=2)](https://github.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft/releases)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft.svg?branch=master&v=2)](https://travis-ci.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft)
[![Report](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft?style=flat&v=2)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/tonicpow/go-minercraft/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?v=2)](https://codecov.io/gh/tonicpow/go-minercraft)
[![Go](https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/tonicpow/go-minercraft?v=2)](https://golang.org/)

<br/>

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Examples & Tests](#examples--tests)
- [Benchmarks](#benchmarks)
- [Code Standards](#code-standards)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Maintainers](#maintainers)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

<br/>

## Installation

**go-minercraft** requires a [supported release of Go](https://golang.org/doc/devel/release.html#policy).
```shell script
go get -u github.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft
```

<br/>

## Documentation
View the generated [documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft)

[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft?status.svg&style=flat)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft)
          
This package interacts with BSV miners using the [Merchant API](https://github.com/bitcoin-sv-specs/brfc-merchantapi) specification.

View documentation on hosting your own [mAPI server](https://github.com/bitcoin-sv/merchantapi-reference).

### Features
- Merchant API Support:
  - [x] FeeQuote
  - [x] Query Transaction Status
  - [x] Submit Transaction
  - [ ] Submit Multiple Transactions
- Custom Features:
  - [Client](client.go) is completely configurable
  - Using default [heimdall http client](https://github.com/gojek/heimdall) with exponential backoff & more
  - Use your own HTTP client
  - `BestQuote()` will fetch from all miners and return the best quote
  - `CalculateFee()` will return the fee for a given transaction
  

<details>
<summary><strong><code>Library Deployment</code></strong></summary>
<br/>

[goreleaser](https://github.com/goreleaser/goreleaser) for easy binary or library deployment to Github and can be installed via: `brew install goreleaser`.

The [.goreleaser.yml](.goreleaser.yml) file is used to configure [goreleaser](https://github.com/goreleaser/goreleaser).

Use `make release-snap` to create a snapshot version of the release, and finally `make release` to ship to production.
</details>

<details>
<summary><strong><code>Makefile Commands</code></strong></summary>
<br/>

View all `makefile` commands
```shell script
make help
```

List of all current commands:
```text
all                    Runs lint, test and vet
clean                  Remove previous builds and any test cache data
clean-mods             Remove all the Go mod cache
coverage               Shows the test coverage
godocs                 Sync the latest tag with GoDocs
help                   Show this help message
install                Install the application
install-go             Install the application (Using Native Go)
lint                   Run the golangci-lint application (install if not found)
release                Full production release (creates release in Github)
release                Runs common.release then runs godocs
release-snap           Test the full release (build binaries)
release-test           Full production test release (everything except deploy)
replace-version        Replaces the version in HTML/JS (pre-deploy)
run-examples           Runs the basic example
tag                    Generate a new tag and push (tag version=0.0.0)
tag-remove             Remove a tag if found (tag-remove version=0.0.0)
tag-update             Update an existing tag to current commit (tag-update version=0.0.0)
test                   Runs vet, lint and ALL tests
test-short             Runs vet, lint and tests (excludes integration tests)
test-travis            Runs all tests via Travis (also exports coverage)
test-travis-short      Runs unit tests via Travis (also exports coverage)
uninstall              Uninstall the application (and remove files)
update-linter          Update the golangci-lint package (macOS only)
vet                    Run the Go vet application
```
</details>

<br/>

## Examples & Tests
All unit tests and [examples](examples) run via [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/tonicpow/go-minercraft) and uses [Go version 1.15.x](https://golang.org/doc/go1.15). View the [deployment configuration file](.travis.yml).

Run all tests (including integration tests)
```shell script
make test
```

Run tests (excluding integration tests)
```shell script
make test-short
```

<br/>

## Benchmarks
Run the Go [benchmarks](client.go):
```shell script
make bench
```

<br/>

## Code Standards
Read more about this Go project's [code standards](CODE_STANDARDS.md).

<br/>

## Usage
View the [examples](examples)

<br/>

## Maintainers
| [<img src="https://github.com/mrz1836.png" height="50" alt="MrZ" />](https://github.com/mrz1836) |
|:---:|
| [MrZ](https://github.com/mrz1836) |

<br/>

## Contributing
View the [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) and please follow the [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

### How can I help?
All kinds of contributions are welcome :raised_hands:!
The most basic way to show your support is to star :star2: the project, or to raise issues :speech_balloon:.
You can also support this project by [becoming a sponsor on GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/mrz1836) :clap:
or by making a [**bitcoin donation**](https://tonicpow.com/?af=go-minercraft) to ensure this journey continues indefinitely! :rocket:


### Credits

[Unwriter & Interplanaria](https://github.com/interplanaria) for their original contribution: [Minercraft](https://github.com/interplanaria/minercraft) which was the inspiration for this library.
      
nChain & team for developing the [brfc-merchant-api](https://github.com/bitcoin-sv-specs/brfc-merchantapi) specifications.

<br/>

## License

![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/tonicpow/go-minercraft.svg?style=flat&v=2)

Commit message:

Added submit multiple transaction
Note also that its not implemented by providers yet

README.md, after:

# go-minercraft
> Interact with Bitcoin Miner APIs (unofficial Go library of [Minercraft](https://github.com/interplanaria/minercraft))

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release-pre/tonicpow/go-minercraft.svg?logo=github&style=flat&v=2)](https://github.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft/releases)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft.svg?branch=master&v=2)](https://travis-ci.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft)
[![Report](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft?style=flat&v=2)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/tonicpow/go-minercraft/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?v=2)](https://codecov.io/gh/tonicpow/go-minercraft)
[![Go](https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/tonicpow/go-minercraft?v=2)](https://golang.org/)

<br/>

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Examples & Tests](#examples--tests)
- [Benchmarks](#benchmarks)
- [Code Standards](#code-standards)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Maintainers](#maintainers)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

<br/>

## Installation

**go-minercraft** requires a [supported release of Go](https://golang.org/doc/devel/release.html#policy).
```shell script
go get -u github.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft
```

<br/>

## Documentation
View the generated [documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft)

[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft?status.svg&style=flat)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/tonicpow/go-minercraft)
          
This package interacts with BSV miners using the [Merchant API](https://github.com/bitcoin-sv-specs/brfc-merchantapi) specification.

View documentation on hosting your own [mAPI server](https://github.com/bitcoin-sv/merchantapi-reference).

### Features
- Merchant API Support:
  - [x] FeeQuote
  - [x] Query Transaction Status
  - [x] Submit Transaction
  - [ ] Submit Multiple Transactions (Providers have not implemented as of 10/9/20)
- Custom Features:
  - [Client](client.go) is completely configurable
  - Using default [heimdall http client](https://github.com/gojek/heimdall) with exponential backoff & more
  - Use your own HTTP client
  - `BestQuote()` will fetch from all miners and return the best quote
  - `CalculateFee()` will return the fee for a given transaction

<details>
<summary><strong><code>Library Deployment</code></strong></summary>
<br/>

[goreleaser](https://github.com/goreleaser/goreleaser) for easy binary or library deployment to Github and can be installed via: `brew install goreleaser`.

The [.goreleaser.yml](.goreleaser.yml) file is used to configure [goreleaser](https://github.com/goreleaser/goreleaser).

Use `make release-snap` to create a snapshot version of the release, and finally `make release` to ship to production.
</details>

<details>
<summary><strong><code>Makefile Commands</code></strong></summary>
<br/>

View all `makefile` commands
```shell script
make help
```

List of all current commands:
```text
all                    Runs lint, test and vet
clean                  Remove previous builds and any test cache data
clean-mods             Remove all the Go mod cache
coverage               Shows the test coverage
godocs                 Sync the latest tag with GoDocs
help                   Show this help message
install                Install the application
install-go             Install the application (Using Native Go)
lint                   Run the golangci-lint application (install if not found)
release                Full production release (creates release in Github)
release                Runs common.release then runs godocs
release-snap           Test the full release (build binaries)
release-test           Full production test release (everything except deploy)
replace-version        Replaces the version in HTML/JS (pre-deploy)
run-examples           Runs the basic example
tag                    Generate a new tag and push (tag version=0.0.0)
tag-remove             Remove a tag if found (tag-remove version=0.0.0)
tag-update             Update an existing tag to current commit (tag-update version=0.0.0)
test                   Runs vet, lint and ALL tests
test-short             Runs vet, lint and tests (excludes integration tests)
test-travis            Runs all tests via Travis (also exports coverage)
test-travis-short      Runs unit tests via Travis (also exports coverage)
uninstall              Uninstall the application (and remove files)
update-linter          Update the golangci-lint package (macOS only)
vet                    Run the Go vet application
```
</details>

<br/>

## Examples & Tests
All unit tests and [examples](examples) run via [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/tonicpow/go-minercraft) and uses [Go version 1.15.x](https://golang.org/doc/go1.15). View the [deployment configuration file](.travis.yml).

Run all tests (including integration tests)
```shell script
make test
```

Run tests (excluding integration tests)
```shell script
make test-short
```

<br/>

## Benchmarks
Run the Go [benchmarks](client.go):
```shell script
make bench
```

<br/>

## Code Standards
Read more about this Go project's [code standards](CODE_STANDARDS.md).

<br/>

## Usage
View the [examples](examples)

<br/>

## Maintainers
| [<img src="https://github.com/mrz1836.png" height="50" alt="MrZ" />](https://github.com/mrz1836) |
|:---:|
| [MrZ](https://github.com/mrz1836) |

<br/>

## Contributing
View the [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) and please follow the [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

### How can I help?
All kinds of contributions are welcome :raised_hands:!
The most basic way to show your support is to star :star2: the project, or to raise issues :speech_balloon:.
You can also support this project by [becoming a sponsor on GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/mrz1836) :clap:
or by making a [**bitcoin donation**](https://tonicpow.com/?af=go-minercraft) to ensure this journey continues indefinitely! :rocket:


### Credits

[Unwriter & Interplanaria](https://github.com/interplanaria) for their original contribution: [Minercraft](https://github.com/interplanaria/minercraft) which was the inspiration for this library.
      
nChain & team for developing the [brfc-merchant-api](https://github.com/bitcoin-sv-specs/brfc-merchantapi) specifications.

<br/>

## License

![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/tonicpow/go-minercraft.svg?style=flat&v=2)
